---
title: "Company updates"
description: Accouncements & Hiring
---

## Series A

By Han Wang

We're thrilled to announce our Series A led by Andreessen Horowitz with
participation from Bain Capital Ventures, Y Combinator, and others. This
fundraise introduces $18M in new capital, bringing our total fundraising to over
$21M. We welcome Jennifer Li to our board.

Developers learn how to build software by spending countless hours swimming
through tutorials, quickstart guides, and documentation. We piece together
information to create products that solve problems. Mintlify was founded on the
mission to empower developers with information.

### The modern developer content platform

Since launching the product less than two years ago, we've grown to power the
documentation for thousands of the fastest growing startups including Anthropic,
Perplexity, Cursor, Pinecone, Zapier, and over 20% of the last YC batch.

Today, Mintlify reaches over 20 million developers a year.

The platform offers a wide range of mission-critical components for
developer-facing teams including:

Guides API References SDK Libraries Developer-Native Workflow Web-Based Editor
Viewership Analytics User Feedback AI Chat

And a lot more…

You can learn more about Mintlify by getting a demo of the product or by trying
it yourself.

### What's ahead?

We are in the midst of a reformation in how developers fundamentally interact
with content because of AI. You're probably seeing this already. Every
documentation now needs to have a chatbot to answer questions directly. This is
just the tip of the iceberg.

You can expect to see a lot of new AI features, changing how content is
maintained and used. Mintlify customers and end-users will be able to accomplish
much more with less.

This is just the beginning.

P.S. We're growing fast and hiring for our San Francisco office! If you’re
interested in joining the team, take a look at our careers page or email us
directly at careers@mintlify.com.
